# Quantum Secure Crypto Wallets
Cryptocurrencies typically use decentralized control as opposed to a central bank digital currency (CBDC). When a cryptocurrency is minted or created prior to issuance or issued by a single issuer, it is generally considered centralized. When implemented with decentralized control, each cryptocurrency works through distributed ledger technology, typically a blockchain, that serves as a public financial transaction database. A cryptocurrency wallet stores the public and private "keys" (address) or seed which can be used to receive or spend the cryptocurrency. With the private key, it is possible to write in the public ledger, effectively spending the associated cryptocurrency. With the public key, it is possible for others to send currency to the wallet. Current blockchain platforms rely on digital signatures, which are vulnerable to attacks by means of quantum computers. The same, albeit to a lesser extent, applies to cryptographic hash functions that are used in preparing new blocks, so parties with access to quantum computation would have unfair advantage in procuring mining rewards. Designing Quantum Secure Wallets are crucial for the future of the market.

The cryptocurrency market is now worth more than $3 trillion. It is growing up strongly with new applications. We will offer secure-wallet solutions to prevent attacks post quantum computer and now. 

I created Qunicorn (QUNI) Token for Wallet in ERC20, Here is testnet link https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x3d1766BAFD638c8Bfb45DfF563d7858EAE315C37 .I will soon move project to mainnet. We will make wallet compatible with BSC, Polygon, Solana, Aave and more chains to provide fundamental security rights via affordable gas fees.

Here is scientific paper behind the project : https://arxiv.org/abs/1902.05214 ( Smart Contracts meets quantum Cryptography )

If you want to know more about project , please do not hesitate to contact with me. I'm open to collaborate with people passionate about create secure wallet for everyone.
